feat: Add August newsletter. (#5)
googleapis/aip: pages/news/2020-08.md

# Field patterns, redux

Welcome to the fifth edition of the **AIP newsletter**, which is designed to
keep you up to date about the AIP program, and particular proposals making
their way through the system. (Our apologies for not publishing a newsletter in
July.)

We have one new AIP this month, on sensitive fields. As always, the AIP
newsletter kicks off what is effectively a "public comment" period: the AIP
editors are happy with this proposal, but we want to ensure that you are too.
Assuming feedback is sufficiently positive, we intend to formally approve these
proposals on Friday, August 28, 2020.

## AIPs under review

### AIP-147: Sensitive fields

> Sometimes APIs need to collect sensitive information such as private
> encryption keys meant to be _stored_ by the underlying service but not
> intended to be _read_ after writing due to the sensitive nature of the data.

> [Sensitive fields][aip-147] are fields that are stored by a service but, once
> set, not retrievable by the user, such as passwords or private keys. These are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sensitive fields][aip-147] are fields that are stored by a service but are not
retrievable by the user once they have been set. Examples of sensitive fields include
private keys and passwords. These are
```

(The number of commas in the original sentence caused me to take a long time to parse it.)

not particularly common in APIs, and often it is sufficient to set them as
`INPUT_ONLY` (as described in AIP-203).

However, there is a challenge in situations where the service needs to provide
some kind of indication that a value has been provided, or provide an
obfuscated value that the original user ought to recognize. This AIP provides a
standard for each of those situations.

> A special thanks to [Michael Bleigh][] for writing this AIP.

Reviewer: Possibly just "Special thanks" or "A special thank you"? It feels odd to use a singular article for something that is then at least apparently plural.

Author: ```suggestion
Special thanks to [Michael Bleigh][] for writing this AIP.
```

**Summary:** [AIP-147][] provides patterns for indicators around sensitive
fields.

We are aiming to approve AIP-147 on August 28. If you have feedback, please

> [leave a comment](https://github.com/aip-dev/aip.dev/pull/XYZ).

Reviewer: Do we have a PR ready to link to? (I can't remember what order you do thigngs in.)

Author: I traditionally do this post-approval.

[michael bleigh]: https://github.com/mbleigh
[aip-147]: ../147

## Recent updates

In addition to the new AIPs under review, we have added the following guidance
to existing AIPs:

- [AIP-135](../135): Add "get" guidance for soft delete.
  ([#526](https://github.com/aip-dev/aip.dev/pull/526))
- [AIP-140](../140): Word segments in field names must not begin with a number.
  ([#528](https://github.com/aip-dev/aip.dev/pull/528))
- [AIP-151](../151): Add guidance for parallel operations.
  ([#535](https://github.com/aip-dev/aip.dev/pull/535))

> - [AIP-158](../158): Clarify that `page_size` is always an opitonal field.

Reviewer 2: optional*

Author: ```suggestion
- [AIP-158](../158): Clarify that `page_size` is always an optional field.
```
